- [Instructor] Okay, with the AWS EBCLI installed
let's now add the necessary configurations
to deploy our Docker image to AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
If you have not logged in yet to Vagrant,
ensure that it is started up,
and then type Vagrant, ssh, and hit enter.
Next, I have discovered that the system time
can get out of sync.
So we're going to run the following update
on our system time.
We'll type sudo yum install
ntp ntpdate -y.
Then to ensure that our system time is synced,
we'll type sudo nptdate
space, pool.ntp.org.
Okay. Now we need to ensure
that our SpringBootProduction zip is unzipped.
And I believe we did that in our last video.
Yes, here it is.
So what we're going to do is we need to ensure
that the SpringBootProduction zip is unzipped.
We did this in our last video.
So type CD SpringBootProduction, and hit enter.
I'm going to clear the screen and type LS.
At this point the next step is to configure our project
folder for Elastic Beanstalk
and to add the AWS credentials.
Now to do this we'll type EB, space, init, and hit enter.
This then will ask us to select the default region.
And you can find this region
by looking in to the AWS console.
If you haven't logged into your AWS console,
please do that now.
In the AWS console, if we click on Ohio
we can see that it says US east 2.
That is my region.
I'm going to go back to the terminal
and I will select us east 2, which is number 14.
Hit enter.
The next question the EBCLI ask
is to provide an AWS access ID.
Now, again, we're going to have to go back
to our AWS console.
We're going to click over
on our name and then go to security credentials.
This will take us to a screen and we need to scroll down
to the access keys, click on that,
and we need to create a new access key.
We'll show the access key.
I'm going to copy this information
and I recommend you do the same
and I'm going to paste it somewhere safe on my system.
We'll click download key file as well.
And we'll close.
And we're going to go ahead and go back to our console again.
We're going to copy the access key ID
and we're going to paste this in.
Hit enter.
Then we're going to copy the other key
which is the secret access key.
And I'm going to paste it in and hit enter.
Now, for those of you who are concerned
that my access key and my secret key are exposed,
this account is created under my name
and after this video it will be taken down.
So good luck, if you try to.
The next prompt is asking for an application to use.
My prompt gives me a default
of the directory that we've CD into: SpringBootProduction.
So for me, I'll hit enter.
Otherwise choose 3 for a new application.
And now it recognizes that a Docker file is in use.
So say yes to that one. Hit enter.
Remember that this whole process is for Docker,
so we're going to select one and hit enter.
And the next question is asking us for an SSH instance.
Now I'm going to say no to this.
You might be tempted to say, yes, that's up to you
but I'm going to say no.
Okay. So our application is initialized for AWS.
And if we type ls -la
we can see that there is an Elastic Beanstalk file
hidden file that's created.
So next we'll type eb create and hit enter.
We're going to hit enter for the default deployment.
We're going to accept the DNS and CNAME prefix.
And we're going to select 2 for load balancer
and select N if we would like spot fleet request.
After this you'll see the EBCLI
outputting details about the current status
of uploading the source and the Docker image.
This may take some time depending on your broadband speeds.
Now, what I'm going to do is switch back
to the Chrome browser.
I'm going to go to the AWS home link
and then I'm going to minimize this
down a little bit so I can see what's happening
between the terminal window and the AWS console.
We'll click on Elastic Beanstalk.
We'll click on SpringBootProduction dev
and what you'll notice, what is being logged
in these statements is also being reflected here
in the terminal window.
Again, this will take a few minutes
but I want to encourage you to read the logging statements
and get an idea of what Elastic Beanstalk
is creating behind the scenes.
Okay, now this is done.
We can see that there are health issues again.
If we click on causes and we can see that certain requests
are ending in 500
and that certain processes are not healthy.
What I want to do is go back to our link at the top,
we're going to click on the environment
and we can see that we get a bad gateway.
So let's go back to the console
and add the appropriate environment variable.
First let's clear the screen.
We'll type eb set env space
SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE=dev,beanstalk
and hit enter.
After typing this and hitting enter,
you'll see the console telling us
that it's updating the environment
and configuration settings.
If we go back to the AWS console and click refresh,
we can see that the health spinner is again processing.
The final step that we need to do is go
to configuration, edit, scroll to the bottom,
and we're going to add a serve report of 5,000.
We'll click apply.
And finally, if we click on, go to environment
we'll see our application.